Hi, guys.
Welcome.
Now, the last lecture we created is class with your code controller, and we are extended from the
guidance controller.
And the reason for this get this controller or so get this is going to have control over the UI.
Then over the remainder, that's fine.
What we simply did was to first of all initialize firebase like startle the with entry before our hub
gets runs but before we get using our have it over.
Yeah we said get the thoughts that we passed in that order controller which we had and the are created
the reason for this is so we have access to this controller within our routes, all pages.
Okay then is that you're also going to do now are going to create the validation for creating user.
So what you can do that can have a comment over here so I can just see registering.
User.
Probably my Spanish look, I'm just going to leave it that way.
Okay.
So now.
We have I think we have the image field.
We have the user name said.
We have the email field.
We have the password field.
Right.
So now what you can do, we can create a function that does not send.
You can save void.
You can call this function register.
User.
Okay.
Great.
So now what I'm going to do.
I'm going to pass in those.
They were going to had validation.
So now the first field we need is the.
User name rights.
It's going to be a data type of strength.
This is a test.
Okay.
Great.
So we needed to.
I think we need the email.
It's also going to be a type of data type of stranger.
That sense is going to be it says as well.
Okay.
We also need to.
Password, right?
So password as well is a test.
So there's going to be a data type of string.
Then lastly, we need the image.
Okay.
So it is going to be a type of FY.
We're just gonna on dirt.
Okay.
Make sure you don't import the dot dot Easter mail, but the dot dot Oreo package.
Now this kind of thing also had this was I.
Okay, now we are going to create the validation.
So what you are going to do, we are going to say try.
Is to try and catch so you can just stay for that.
You can just navigate to this spot.
So now for us to automatically use the try and catch.
Okay, now for the try.
What you can do over here.
I'm going to use an E statements.
We can see if.
The user name that is not empty and.
Sorry.
And the email.
That is not empty.
Okay.
And the.
Password.
And the password.
The church is not empty.
Then we also going to see and.
Image.
Is not.
So this race is not equal to no.
Okay.
Good.
So now if it is not equal to non what we want to do, we can just decorate the way we do.
We can say we we want to save the user.
So.
So, Art.
And Flyaways and.
To fire up his fire start.
Okay, great.
Now, if we.
Have an error of their.
We are just going to see which one is not.
So I'm going to say get.
Okay.
So what I can do.
What we can do.
So we are put in together that is going to remove.
This was a.
He's going to be.
Get that?
So get that.
Okay, great.
I can see we have access to write down imports in individual individual stuff from the get.
Okay.
So we're going to get that.
Get a snack bar.
Now we need to pass in the title of the hero or the hero title.
So I'm going to say hero.
Creating.
Accounts.
Okay.
So now for the.
For the.
Here.
They're just going to eat it and convert it to it.
So I say either to think, okay, great.
Okay.
So in, in this lecture, we are going to continue from we want to save the user to ARDS to fab is faster.
So for now we just lose control and is to save.
Okay.
Okay, guys, see you in the next lecture.